Create ui-c8y-1021-54-11-display-datapoints-for-smartrules-fix-8415-graft-release-cd-8616.md (#3120)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-54-11-display-datapoints-for-smartrules-fix-8415-graft-release-cd-8616.md

---
date: ""

> title: Display datapoints for smartrules fix. (#8415) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed an issue with selecting data points for smart rules
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62818
version: 1021.54.11
---

> Display datapoints for smartrules fix. (#8415) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datapoint selection functionality in smart rules "On measurement threshold create alarm" and "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" has been improved.
In case of "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" smartrule only datapoint library entries could be selected. Now both datapoints and datapoint library entries can be selected.
Both smart rules now use a new, more intuitive datapoint selector, informational text in both rule modals are clarified to better explain the behavior and implications of each selection type.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed an issue with selecting data points for smart rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Improved the selection of data points in smart rules
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62818
version: 1021.54.11
---

> Datapoint selection functionality in smart rules "On measurement threshold create alarm" and "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" has been improved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The datapoint selection functionality in the smart rules "On measurement threshold create alarm" and "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" has been improved.
```

> In case of "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" smartrule only datapoint library entries could be selected. Now both datapoints and datapoint library entries can be selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Both smart rules now use a new, more intuitive datapoint selector, informational text in both rule modals are clarified to better explain the behavior and implications of each selection type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both smart rules now use a more intuitive datapoint selector and the informational text in both rule modals has been modified to better explain the behavior and implications of each selection type.
Additionally, the smart rule "On measurement explicit threshold create alarm" now allows to select both datapoints and datapoint library entries (instead of only datapoint library entries).
```
